Bullet Seed	A bullet-shaped seed. It's quite hard, but is also edible in a pinch.
Wind Flower	A cute flower that looks like a spirit swaying in the wind.
Earth Flower	A cute flower that grasps the earth with its roots like a spirit.
Water Flower	A cute flower with a fresh scent like that of a water spirit.
Fire Flower	A cute flower with curling petals resembling a fire spirit's flames.
Bent Screw	A worn-out screw. It's bent, stripped, and can't be used.
Rusty Cog	A gear from an unknown machine. It's rusty and doesn't spin well.
Grain Scraps	Crushed grain. Not very appetizing, but actually quite nutritious.
Antique Stone	A manmade stone used in some structures. This one is very old.
Scrap Metal	Various pieces of mechanical scrap. It's of little value like this.
Mixed Oil	Putrescent, noisome oil. It would be difficult to use like this.
Paper Scraps	A tiny scrap of paper that's falling apart.
Garden Stone	Hold up this stone to light, and it appears to have scenery inside.
Pendelock	A pale blue crystal said to be the soul and tears of a mystic force.
Eternal Liquid	A poisonous liquid used for preserving things from rot.
Soul Vine	A vine that seems to form letters. It's said to give voice to the mute.
Green Soil	Greenish soil. It's fluffy and passes water and air well.
Crimson Soil	Deep red soil. It's fluffy and probably makes good fertilizer.
Ultramarine Soil	Bluish soil. Its color may be due to small mineral particles.
Amber Soil	Golden soil. From a distance it looks like gold or grain.
Lethe Grass	The extract of this flower is used as an anesthetic.
River Water	Cold, pure water from deep beneath the ground.
Legged Radish	A flavorful dry root that looks vaguely like a person.
Buoyant Gas	A lighter-than-air gas. If put into a thin container, it will float away.
Blaze Ore	A mineral formed by fire. It is strong and tough to work with.
Unburning Web	Strong, flame- resistant spider webs. These have a number of uses.
Lotus	A plant that blooms by water. The flower makes a noise on opening.
Mantis Blade	A large claw from a mantis-type monster. It is very sharp.
Fairy Soul	Floating balls of light said to guide lost people in dark forests.
Bubbling Water	A black liquid that releases foul gas. It doesn't seem tasty.
Slag Antenna	A mysterious, transparent horn from a Slag. It's very hard.
Slag Memory	A shining Slag part. You have no idea what part it is.
Slag Heart	This is apparently a vital Slag part, but you have no idea what it does.
Slag Cable	This seems to be a Slag's tail. It is tough, but also moves very easily.
Ancient Jerky	Ancient beast meat, dried and aged so much that it resembles wood.
Rough Disk	A manmade disc of metal. Rubbing the groove on the front makes sound.
Bendy Materia	A small grain. When cooked, it becomes sticky and malleable.
Rot Snake Skin	A molting from a rotten snake. Simply touching it is harmful.
King's Wing	A wing from the king of beasts. Has many uses for its many parts.
Dragon Fin	A fin from the king of beasts. Soft and frilly, but also strong.
Dragon Crystal	This resembles a hardened drop of dragon blood. It has strange power.
Dragon Core	A jewel said to be made by dragons. Taking it will surely anger them.
Drying Sand	An extremely fine sand. Inhaling it dries out your lungs and sinuses.
Junk	Random tools used for alchemy in the past, no better than trash now.
Buried Bomb	An ancient bomb, now rotten and useless. Still has some materials.
Jet Black Cube	A light, hard, and flexible material. There are surely many uses for it.
Sky King Fossil	A fossil from a great beast. One can only guess what it came from.
Sky Wasabi	Wasabi that grew with particularly clean water and air.
Noble Berry	A berry with a bit of mold on the outside. It's still very sweet.
Heaven's Branch	A thick branch from a Heaven's Tree.
Wing Plant	A plant with leaves that look like wings. It can use them to move.
Jelly Gem	A squishy, transparent ball. You have no idea what it really is.
Water Source	A round ball with a cloud inside. Water drops appear as it condenses.
Moon Milk	It appears to be a cream, but it's actually mineral. Don't eat it.
Empty Core	A metal rod shaped into a spiral. You don't know who made it or why.
Apple	A delicious fruit grown in large amounts in Colseit.
Green Apple	Fruit not mature enough for harvest. Tart, but can be sweetened.
Poison Apple	A recently discovered species of poisonous apple.
Golden Apple	A fruit that glows with golden light. There is plenty of nectar inside.
Spiky Fruit	A fruit that bursts open to distribute the seeds inside.
Spiky Bud	A thorny fruit that's still young and green. The seeds are hard.
Gold Spiky Fruit	A shining golden fruit with thorns. The spines are like needles.
Taun	A herb that grows cute flowers. It's a good material for alchemy.
Mutated Taun	A strangely-colored Taun. It has some harmful components.
Trio Taun	A seemingly well- nourished Taun with far more flowers.
Moss Grass	Strong-smelling grass used as a flavoring in food or as an antidote.
Bitter Grass	Grass that gives off a very strong, bitter odor.
Dried Grass	Dried Grass, concentrated for better effect.
Taro	A nutritious tuber that grows in the mountains.
Hard Taro	A small, hard tuber. It's denser, but also more nutritious.
Decade Taro	A very nutritious tuber said to have been growing for almost a decade.
Salat	A leafy vegetable that reaches full maturity in a single month.
Fresh Salat	A crunchy, fresh Salat. It has a high water content.
White Salat	A rare white Salat. It's juicy and sweet, and is eaten for dessert.
Smoke Mushroom	A mushroom that sprays smoke. It's edible, but has a strange taste.
Darkness Shoot	A mushroom that emits thick clouds of black smoke when touched.
Bitter Leaf	Dried leaves with a thick sap, used as medicine or as a food flavoring.
Salt Leaf	A strange plant with a salty taste, often used in cooking.
Dried Root	A tiny root from an unknown plant. It has little nutritional value.
Rich Root	A fairly thick plant root with lots of nutrients, used in medicine.
Flame Root	A root so spicy that it may burst into flames.
Earth Root	A large, thick root. It seems like it could be a meal in itself.
Beast Meat	Tasty meat from various beasts. It has a pungent, gamy smell.
Fresh Meat	Fresh meat. It seems like it could be eaten raw.
Gold Meat	Chunks of very fresh, fatty meat. Highly desired by chefs. 
Big Bone	A giant bone from a giant animal. It has many uses in a number of fields.
Black Bone	This ancient bone is said to heal illnesses when boiled and drank.
Dragon Bone	A bone from a giant dragon. It requires significant skill.
Bird Egg	An egg from a nest high in the mountains. It has a rich flavor.
Sea Bird Egg	A very fragile egg, tasty and full of vitamins but hard to find.
Ext. Bird Egg	These eggs are so delicious, the species was nearly driven extinct.
Pale Clay	Soft, pale blue dirt. It's also heavy, possibly due to minerals.
Living Clay	Soft dirt with mysterious power. It sometimes seems to move by itself.
Phlogiston	A special crystal that creates sparks when rubbed.
Aqua Light	A special crystal that creates water when rubbed.
Wind Core	A special stone that makes a hollow ringing sound when rubbed.
Earth Stone	A crystal that breaks into pieces when rubbed.
Green Gemstone	A mysterious, pale green gem. It can be used to craft accessories.
Blue Gemstone	A mysterious, pale blue gem. It shines like clear water.
Rouge Gemstone	A mysterious, pale red gem. It shines like a burning flame.
Shining Crystal	A number of crystals, each of a different size and quality.
Corundum Stone	Gravel-like stones with some metallic luster to them.
Eternal Crystal	A crystal that looks like a chunk of ice, though it doesn't melt.
Aurora Stone	A charming gem that shines with all the colors of the rainbow.
Night Crystal	A luminescent ore that glows dimly at night.
Glass Core	A hard, transparent mineral that is very brittle.
Scorching Ore	Molten stone that has resolidified. It's very resistant to heat.
Diamond Gemstone	This ridiculously hard ore is difficult to work with.
Beehive	A honeycomb full of honey. The comb can be processed into beeswax.
Silver Hive	These unusual bees are not very common. They use silvery materials.
Golden Hive	This uncommon beehive shines like gold.
Bitter Melon	A bitter fruit that is still possible to use in food.
Old Melon	A variety of the Amauri plant said to have lasted centuries.
Honey Melon	A sweet popular fruit. In Colseit, it's often eaten at special events.
Sugar Tree Sap	This comes out when the bark of a sugar tree is cut. It's sticky.
Milch Bean	This very useful legume can be used in many recipes.
Jewel Beans	A type of legume where each seed looks like a gem. It's still edible.
Big Milch Bean	This weak-flavored legume's seeds are much larger than other Milch beans.
Red Devil	A plant that's just as spicy as it looks. Some people like it.
Blue Devil	This plant has a surprisingly spicy flavor... Except when it doesn't.
Bitter Tree Seed	A tart seed from a tart tree. As the name suggests, it tastes tart.
Epicure Nut	A nut with a lot of oil in it. Some eat it raw, but most cook with it.
Anti-Bug Grass	A pungent-smelling plant. The odor keeps insects away.
Fragrant Chips	Tree bark shavings that burn fragrantly.
Charcoal Pieces	Bits of charcoal of various woods.
Purify Block	Wood chips burned in holy ceremonies, with a unique fragrance.
Lady's Whiskers	If a lady grew a beard, it might look like this, hence the name.
Golden Yarn	Soft golden fur from some kind of animal. It would make good cloth.
Mysterious Silk	Very thin, yet very strong silken thread. It's hard to find.
Antique Moss	A very old ball of moss that has grown very large.
Freshwater Moss	Moss grown only in fresh water. It's very much alive.
Mountain Feather	The feather of a mountain bird. It's often used in accessories.
Eagle Feather	A feather from a mountain eagle. It's used to make fashionable items.
Paradise Feather	A valuable feather from the rarely seen bird of paradise.
Word Stone-Star	An unknown star-shaped rock with words of power carved into it.
Word Stone-Moon	An unknown moon-shaped rock with words of power carved into it.
Word Stone-Sun	An unknown sun-shaped rock with words of power carved into it.
Word Stone-Sea	An unknown wave-shaped rock with words of power carved into it.
Word Stone-Man	An unknown human-shaped rock with words of power carved into it.
Verdure Grass	A fresh green clover leaf. Just looking at it makes you happy.
Lucky Clover	A leaf said to bring good fortune to whoever holds it.
Oblivion Clover	Looking at this leaf can make you forget all your past hardships.
Honey Poppy	A colorful flower that provides a delightful flavor in cooking.
Dunkelheit	A rare flower known as Darkness, with powerful alchemic powers.
White Flower	A small flower so rare it hasn't even been named. It's very white.
Red Flower	A small unnamed flower with a blazing red color.
Purple Flower	An unnamed flower that blends into its surroundings.
Water	Water from the town's well. It's potable, but the source is drying.
Clean Water	Very clean water. It's getting harder and harder to find its like.
Spring Water	Cold, clear water from mountain streams. It's delicious.
Liquid Crystal	A mysterious substance that seems both liquid and crystalline.
Water Crystal	Minerals from water that have crystallized over a long, long time.
Eiche	Lumber that has grown very hard. It's very strong, but hard to work.
River Wood	Relatively new driftwood. It's easy to work with.
Mossy Driftwood	Rotten and mossy old driftwood. It's very fragile.
Ancient Root	A root from a centuries-old tree. It has mysterious power.
Thin Fruit	A fruit from some sort of weak, malnourished plant.
Ripe Fruit	A ripe fruit. It's soft and sweet, perfect for eating.
Fully Ripe Fruit	A perfectly ripe fruit. This is the exact moment of its true flavor.
Fluorite	A mysterious stone that glows faintly in the darkness.
Lava Stone	A rock formed from cooled lava. It retains heat for a long, long time.
Dried Fat	Solidified fat. It's sticky, so it's useful as an adhesive.
Ghost Cloth	A thin, oily membrane formed into a strange shape. It burns.
Ifrit Breath	A bottle that appears empty, yet spews flames for some reason.
Black Water	A black muddy liquid with a foul odor. No one could possibly drink it.
Fire Slag Stone	A fiery red stone sometimes dropped by Slags. It's pretty, but warm.
Ice Slag Stone	A pale blue stone sometimes dropped by Slags. It's cold to the touch.
Sky Slag Stone	A transparent stone dropped by Slags. It makes your fingers numb.
Earth Slag Stone	Large hard stonedropped by Slags. It's pretty, but mysterious.
Hard Claw	A sharp claw from an animal. It's used for medicines or accessories.
Ruler's Claw	A giant claw from an unusual animal. It would look very nice if polished.
Crystal Claw	It's definitely a claw, but for some reason it appears to be crystal.
Soft Fur	Soft animal fur used as material for clothing and accessories.
Cryptid Fur	Prized fur from mythical beasts. It's very soft.
Quality Fur	Extremely soft, fluffy fur. Using this makes anything valuable.
Silver Fur	Glossy silver fur that is difficult to find.
Dragon Tail	A dragon's tail. The meat is tasty, but has useful medicinal powers.
Living Tail	This tail slithers around by itself. It must be highly nutritious!
Fairy Tail	This is exceptionally rare among dragon tails.
Dragon Scale	A dragon's scale, perfect for making hard things like armor.
Dragon Fang	More effective as medicine than other horns, but very hard to find.
Beast Fang	A giant, fearsome beast's fang. It's very difficult to obtain.
Black Fang	An ancient dragon fang that has gone black with age.
Spirit Magnet	A mysterious stone found in some greater spirits. It seems metallic.
Time Flower	A glowing, divine flower. It's often useful when made into medicine.
Preserved Biscuit	A hard biscuit that can be preserved. Even a bite is filling.
Dried Taro Chips	A snack made from fried potatoes. Too many of these will make you fat.
Cloud Financier	A snack baked in molds. It's sweet and as fluffy as clouds.
Melting Jewels	Colorful, translucent candy that dissolves in the mouth quickly.
Sweet Stump	A sweet, spongy snack that can be eaten by peeling away the layers.
Fire Lord's Bless	A gift bestowed on humans by the Fire Lord. The material is not natural.
