Craft	A handmade bomb packed with thorns that spray in all directions.
Bomb	An explosive bomb that has a short delay before the explosion.
Ice Bomb	An ice bomb that steals water from the air to make a resounding impact.
Lightning Bomb	A stone that releases a burst of electrical energy.
Living Bomb	A ball of earth that absorbs surrounding soil to become huge.
Lava Cube	A ball of condensed lava that explodes into magma when thrown.
Divine Jar	A tool that shoots a compressed stream of water to crush enemies.
Demon Eye	An item mimicking a spirit's eye. It draws on a spirit's anger.
Titan Hammer	A magic hammer that automagically crushes enemies when thrown.
Poly. Poison	A tightly sealed container of poisonous liquid.
Slag Figure	A warrior that follows the user's commands. The style varies.
Dimension Bomb	A bomb that vanishes into another dimension when thrown.
Dream Book	A blank picture book. Hold it up and concentrate to summon things.
Knowledge Book	A book filled with the angels' power. It releases a huge shockwave.
Roten Blitz	A catalyst for Logy's gauntlet. It launches an orb of fire.
Flava Blitz	A catalyst for Logy's gauntlet. It launches a ball of water.
Guryun Blitz	A catalyst for Logy's gauntlet. It launches a blast of wind.
Airto Blitz	A catalyst for Logy's gauntlet. It launches a mass of earth.
Tauzent Blitz	A catalyst for Logy's gauntlet. It launches a very powerful orb.
Omega Craft	A lost technique to make Craft create a more powerful blast.
Dire Bomb	A lost technique that makes the Bomb even more destructive.
Eis Ice Bomb	A lost technique that modifies Ice Bombs.
Blitz Stone	A lost technique similar to Electric Bombs, but much stronger.
Healing Salve	Ointment that's spread onto wounds to heal them. It's edible, as well.
Healing Cloud	Mainly used in religious rites. It emits a cloud when opened.
Clear Jelly	A cool, sweet jelly that clears the mind when consumed.
Music Box	A wooden music box small enough to fit in your hand.
SP Medicine	A bottle packed with medicines. They all fly out when opened.
Healing Aroma	A gentle aroma that purges illness from those who breathe it.
Heal Bandage	A bandage soaked with numbing medicine. It heals wounds quickly.
Cup of Life	A potent medicine that restores breath to the fallen.
Elixir	An extremely powerful medicine that heals just about anything.
Dragon's Secret	Herbs mixed with dragon blood, that allows the user to understand beasts.
Immune Medicine	Powdered medicine. It protects well against infectious diseases.
Magical Paint	Drawing designs on one's skin with this paint is said to grant powers.
Time Watch	A pocket watch with an extra hour on the dial, for an unknown reason.
Slag Statue	A warrior that dedicates itself to shielding the person using it.
Goddess Shield	A shield with a goddess' image carved into it. It is inspiring.
Eye-Opener	They say putting this in your eyes lets you see into a new dimension.
Gold Curse Ring	A ring that grants more money when worn. It breaks after one use.
Demon Crucible	A crucible that melts one material and creates a different one.
Command Chime	An item made to emit a large sound to send signals to allies or enemies.
Medicine Bread	Herbal bread eaten since ancient times. It's also used as medicine.
Apple Tart	A sweet tart made with apples. It's so delicious your tongue goes numb.
Forbidden Candy	A sinful candy made from apples. It's quite difficult to eat.
Pancake Stack	Enough pancakes to feed an army, with a mountain of whipped cream.
Fruit Ration	An emergency ration made of dried fruit, a block of vitamins.
Apple Story	Made with various apples from around the world.
Squash Tea	A stimulating drink that is popular among young people.
Curing Powder	Dissolving this powder in water is said to ward off the common cold.
Veggie Soup	A hearty vegetable soup filled with various vegetable extracts.
Refuel Ointment	A strong healing salve. It's valuable, because it's hard to make.
Medical Bandage	A bandage soaked in medicinal compounds that stimulate healing.
Holy Chalice	A strong potion that can restore one to life with a single dose.
Elixir Base	A medicine said to be the forerunner of Elixirs. The recipe was lost.
Slag Essence	A powerful tonic that quickly restores verve.
Angel Powder	Coating the body with this powder bestows divine protection.
Traveler's Ration	A preserved food invented by people making long journeys.
Fruit Pie	A large pie topped with fruit. It's quite filling.
Healthy Ration	A nutritious preserved food that does not require cooking.
Trad. Medicine	A common medicine that steadily heals strength.
Strong Powder	A strong powdered medicine that fills the body with brief power.
Rich Potage	A rich, thick potage. Its recipe varies from family to family.
