Cardboard	Layers of paper pressed into a board. It's very strong, for paper.
Iron Clay	Hard, heavy clay mixed with iron. Touching it makes your hands filthy.
Black Powder	Powder that burns quickly near flame. Too much of it will explode.
Freezing Gas	A chilly gas that freezes things if enough is sprayed on it.
Spray	A container of compressed air that can explode if mishandled.
Wood Chips	Various bits and bobs of wood, used for many things.
Iron Plate	A sheet of metal. There's nothing remarkable about it, but is useful.
Cloth Scraps	Scraps of cloth. Each piece is small, but there are a lot of them.
Mystery Lantern	A lantern holding a fairy's shining tail. It reveals hidden items.
Plant Nutrients	If you place this in the ground near a plant, it will grow very quickly.
Dowsing Rod	If you use this while out, you may find better quality items.
Beast King Relief	A relief of the king of beasts. A mere glance causes the weak to flee.
Heavenly Spirits	Hold this up and wave it about to instantly be returned home.
Mixed Lubricant	Specialized lubrication oil, used when fitting metal together.
Preserved Tablet	A tablet that can keep raw foods from rotting when placed nearby.
Crystal Ball	A polished crystal ball. It's used to make tools with magical power.
Purple Crystal	A purple crystal that is oddly mesmerizing. This color is rare.
Yellow Crystal	A rounded yellow gem. A lot of effort went into making it.
Green Crystal	A gem with a deep, swampy green color. The color indicates quality.
Comet Crest Stone	A stone said to bring grave misfortune, but it's harmless.
Ancient Scroll	An old scroll said to have words of wisdom, but it's too old to read.
Reverent Incense	Incense monsters dislike. It's possible to make a safe area by using it.
Capacitive Paper	Paper that contains electrical power. The power is released by rubbing it.
Burning Gas	Gas that burns when mixed with air. It must be kept sealed tight.
Sun Flower	A blood-red stone that shines brightly. It has strong power.
Purifying Liquid	Magical purifying liquid. It is powerful enough to cause damage, too.
Precious Stone	A stone considered valuable. Gems can often be recovered from the interior.
Bi-color Corundum	A hard gem of two different colors. It's difficult to work with.
Polarized Gem	A gem that shines with many colors. This effect goes away if polished.
Abrasive	This powder is rubbed on things to polish them.
Gold Dust	A fine golden powder; some of it is real gold and some just yellow.
Multi-patch	Cloth used for just about anything.
Five Grain Flour	Powder made from ground wheat, tubers, and other plants.
Ziegel Nugget	A soft, easily workable metal that hardens when heated.
Natural Extract	Extracts from a variety of plants. The odor is indescribable.
Moon Tablet	A stone tablet containing the magic of moonlight.
Distilled Water	Water distilled to absolute purity. It has neither taste nor scent.
Allgemein Board	Treated plywood that does not rot. It's strong and useful.
Magic Fiber	Strong thread that cannot be cut easily. It moves about on its own.
Automatic Drive	An axle that rotates by itself. Attach other parts to gain power.
Zettel	Handmade paper made from plants. It still has some of the colors...
Leather	Material made from animal hides and oil, used to make leather goods.
Powdered Glass	Tiny bits of powdered glass. It can be used, or melted down.
Handmade Pottery	Handmade pottery. Each piece has a different shape, but unique charm.
Pressed Oil	Natural oil extracted from plants. The color and odor can vary.
Glass Rod	Transparent rods made of glass, used as stirring tools or remelted.
Dried Herbs	Dried leaves that can be used as seasoning or in potpourri.
Honey	Honey harvested from beehives. This sweet food is used in Colseit.
Strong Yarn	Strong wooly thread made from bundling up many strands.
Fluffy Whip	Whipped cream as soft as the downy fuzz on an unshaven baby.
Melty Metal	A soft metal that is easier to work with than most other metals.
Polished Crystal	A raw crystal, polished until you can see your face in it.
Medical Solution	A concentrated medical fusion. Extracting it could be potent.
Neutralizer-R	A red chemical used to stabilize highly reactive Synthesis.
Neutralizer-B	A blue chemical used to stabilize highly reactive Synthesis.
Neutralizer-G	A green chemical used to stabilize highly reactive Synthesis.
Neutralizer-Y	A yellow chemical used to stabilize highly reactive Synthesis.
Windmill Parts	Spare parts needed to repair a damaged windmill.
Flight Gas Jar	A mysterious urn that constantly emits buoyant gas, used on airships.
Spirit Gem	A beautiful gem offered to powerful spirits in the past.
3rd Gen Engine	A great power created through high-level alchemy.
Slumber Incense	An incense said to put weak dragons to sleep. Stronger dragons will flee.
Einzel Steel	An extremely pure rare metal. It can reinforce an airship's hull.
Purify Bottle	A small bottle that contains much more water than it would appear to.
Fertilizer	Healthy, nutrient-rich soil. A plant raised in this will be very good.
Canned Food	A lightweight can used for food preservation.
Burning Spice	An extremely spicy seasoning prized in the north and feared elsewhere.
Flowing Metal	An extremely rare metal that is liquid at room temperature.
Apple Jam	Jam made from simmered apples. It's very sweet!
Heart of Flame	An item that draws energy from the body. Wearing it makes one reckless.
Concealing Skin	A hood that changes color to match its surroundings.
Angel Ribbon	A special ribbon that soaks up magic power from its surroundings.
Glorious Note	A charm with the power to take things from the enemy. Be careful.
Spirit Garland	A garland made with a variety of puissant flowers.
Seven Star Medal	A medal with 7 big stars. It's said to gather 7 types of power for you.
Treasure Grimoire	Required reading for any would-be treasure hunter.
Gunade Ring	A metal ring crafted out of numerous mysterious parts.
Beast Earmuffs	Fuzzy earmuffs. It greatly reduces sound from the surroundings.
Exceed Belt	A leather belt that puts pressure on the body, keeping it strong.
Phoenix Bracelet	Simply wearing this bracelet fills the body with strength.
Soul Binder	A chain said to bind the spirit. It doesn't really do that, though.
Glass Tiara	A glass headdress. It's very classy, but fragile as a hat made of glass.
Feather Ornament	A stylish ornament made with a large feather. It can be used many places.
Leather Gloves	Strong gloves made from animal pelts. They're warm and look snazzy, too.
Blessed Ring	A ring blessed with strength. It's unknown who blessed it.
Dusk Talisman	A talisman made from the shiniest parts of an Aurora Stone.
Magic Stone	A charm bracelet made of many tiny magical rocks chained together.
Crystal Ring	A transparent ring carved from crystal. It's always cool.
Aroma Pouch	A pouch filled with fragrant herbs. The smell drives foes away.
Royal Crest	The crest used by a royal family who used to live in the region.
Dark Night Cape	A jet-black cape that covers the whole body. It's quite stealthy.
Acrobatic Armor	Lightweight shoes that grip the ground well.
Tarot of Fate	Highly accurate fortune-telling cards. You may regret using them.
Brother Call	A pair of bells. When one rings, so does the other.
Hand-Wound Thread	Woven string spun from many types of thread. Thick and lumpy but warm.
Colseit Fiber	Thin thread commonly used in Colseit.
White Neutralizer	A white chemical used to neutralize difficult Syntheses.
Black Neutralizer	A black chemical used to neutralize difficult Syntheses.
SP Neutralizer	A neutralizing liquid filled with small reflective particles.
White Powder	White powder that explodes when misused. It's also rather tasty.
Rainbow Powder	Flammable powder filled with random colors. It can be used for medicine.
Metal Chips	A scrap of hard metal. It can be melted down, among other things.
Golt Board	A metal plate with a golden glow. Many people want it just for that.
Various Scraps	A number of cloth scraps, without much else to them.
Ancient Water	The same water that was taken from the undisturbed lake.
Fire Lord Tears	Flammable water. Some say it was blessed by the Fire Lord.
Aroma Materia	A special catalyst used in advanced alchemy. It can be mixed and melted.
Fried Paper	Thin paper, soaked in oil and lightly toasted. It can be used as wrapping.
Gold Thread	A gold-colored thread brought to this region long ago by nomads.
Primo. Medicine	An unknown formula that was used as a basis for medicine since long ago.
Med Foundation	This medicine base can also be used to create seasonings or oil.
Old Stone	An ancient stone. It has metallic properties, but hasn't eroded.
Ether Cloth	A large piece of cloth that saw use in the past age. It's very strong.
Elaborate Screw	A hard screw made through a special manufacturing process.