Traditional Staff	A common staff from Colseit with a little visual flair.
Golden Wing Staff	A staff with golden wings. It looks great, but it's just a staff.
Feather Staff	A large, stylish staff adorned with large feathers.
Sky Alchemy Staff	A staff rumored to carry its wielder into the sky, a dream of many.
Lifetree Staff	A mysterious staff with a plant's life force. It heals when broken.
Phantom Saber	An alchemic sword designed in Central City. It draws on power.
Glass Shaker	An alchemic sword with a shining edge. It is strong but not as useful.
Black Wing Veil	An alchemic sword that is lighter than it appears.
Crystal Fang	A highly efficient alchemic sword with crystal parts.
Proto Phantom	The pinnacle of alchemic sword technology, strong and reliable.
Sledge Head	Awin's favorite hammer, with a huge lump of metal on the end.
Graviton Gale	An extremely heavy hammer. It's difficult to use.
Mjolnir	A remodeled hammer with internal mechanisms for extra oomph.
Soul Breaker	A remade hammer that can crush anything, but with no safeties.
Brave Bunker	Wielding this wholly hazardous hammer is a test of courage.
Ruby Talisman	An earring with a red gem. Some sort of technology is trapped within it.
Aqua Talisman	An earring with a red gem. Some sort of technology is trapped within it.
Magic Talisman	Ancient knowledge is hidden within the construction of this earring.
Wind Talisman	Ancient knowledge is hidden within the construction of this earring.
Holy Talisman	A legend says that those who wear this earring are aided by the wind.
Scattershot	A large break-loading gun<CR>that can fire special<CR>ammunition.
Silver Arm	A gun that loads one round at a time. It takes time to charge up.
Red Starter	A gun that loads one round at a time. It takes time to charge up.
Goltriat	A gun that loads one round at a time. It takes time to charge up.
White Feather 9	The only safe place to stand when this gun goes off is behind it.
Explorer's Pack	The only safe place to stand when this gun goes off is behind it.
Medical Bag	A functional bag for medical<CR>supplies. It has a large<CR>capacity.
Teak Basket	A large bag with cute ornaments. It has many pockets for easy access.
Dark Angel Bag	A large bag with cute ornaments. It has many pockets for easy access.
Traveling Doctor	A bag designed for doctors who need to perform the latest treatments.
Great Blade	A rough and tough iron longsword. The weight is more that most can use.
Cleaver	A giant, unwieldy sword that can cut the flesh of the hardiest beasts.
Boneshatter	A giant, unwieldy sword that can cut the flesh of the hardiest beasts.
Slaying Blade	An unconventional sword used<CR>for slaying monsters.
Humming Quasar	An unconventional sword used<CR>for slaying monsters.
Magician's Broom	A broom with traditional ornaments that magicians use. The broom is normal.
Precision Broom	A broom black as the darkest night. It swells with power depending on the user.
Meteor Broom	The epitome of the broom-maker's art. It's also quite a comfortable ride.
Inspector's blade	This thin sword is purely ceremonial, but can be used in combat in a pinch.
Cross Rapier	This thin sword is purely ceremonial, but can be used in combat in a pinch.
Peerless Sabre	A pair or rapiers light enough for a child, balanced for dual-wielding.
Service Stick	A slick, stylish cane. It can take much more abuse than it seems.
Mystery Stick	A slick, stylish cane. It can take much more abuse than it seems.
Fantasy Stick	A cane with gears along its length. It appears to have been reinforced.
Light Ladle	A cane with gears along its length. It appears to have been reinforced.
Metal Turner	A turner made of metal. It's quite painful when you're hit by the flat part.
Single Mixer	A turner made of metal. It's quite painful when you're hit by the flat part.
Cotton Shirt	A turner made of metal. It's quite painful when you're hit by the flat part.
Sturdy Shirt	A shirt made of durable<CR>material, for those who work<CR>outdoors.
Knitted Shirt	A thick woolen shirt. It's<CR>warm in winter, but a little<CR>heavy.
Stylish Shirt	An eye-searingly colorful shirt. Some people think it fashionable.
Leather Shirt	An eye-searingly colorful shirt. Some people think it fashionable.
Fur Shirt	A shirt of brushed leather. It's warm, but rather uncomfortable.
Chain Shirt	A shirt made of fine metal links. You don't want it against your skin.
Rainbow Shirt	A shirt made of fine metal links. You don't want it against your skin.
Combat Shirt	Functional clothes with lots of pockets, for ease of use in battle.
Gold Thread Shirt	A shirt made with valuable gold thread. Nothing else says “style”!
Celestial Shirt	A shirt made with valuable gold thread. Nothing else says “style”!
Chest Plate	This protects the chest from fatal wounds, and is easy to move in.
Alloy Plate	Armor made from low-quality metal. It's heavy and difficult to wear.
Bone Plate	Armor made from animal bones. The front looks like a spooky face.
Magic Plate	Armor made from animal bones. The front looks like a spooky face.
Crystal Plate	Armor studded with crystals. It has low durability, but magical power.
Jewel Plate	Armor with magic gems set into it. The gems grant the wearer power.
Ebony Plate	Armor made from extremely hard wood. It's lighter than metal armor.
Scale Plate	Armor made from extremely hard wood. It's lighter than metal armor.
Meteor Plate	Armor forged from metal that fell from the sky. It's very durable.
Dragon Scale	Armor forged from metal that fell from the sky. It's very durable.
Leather Coat	A fine coat made from tanned animal hides. It also repels water.
Assassin's Coat	A fine coat made from tanned animal hides. It also repels water.
Heroic Cape	A cape designed for those with a heroic nature. It keeps wind off.
Dragoon Cape	A cape designed for those with a heroic nature. It keeps wind off.Golden Wing Staff	A staff with golden wings. It looks great, but it's just a staff.
Feather Staff	A staff with golden wings. It looks great, but it's just a staff.
Sky Alchemy Staff	A staff rumored to carry its wielder into the sky, a dream of many.
	h
