Phy Damage L	Deals physical damage.<CR>Damage dealt is affected by the target's defense value.
Phy Damage S	Deals strong physical damage. <CR>Damage dealt is affected by the target's defense value.
Fire Damage L	Deals fire damage. <CR>Fire damage dealt is affected by the target's fire resistance.
Fire Damage S	Deals strong fire damage. <CR>Fire damage dealt is affected by the target's fire resistance.
Water Damage L	Deals water damage. <CR>Water damage dealt is affected by the target's water resistance.
Water Damage S	Deals strong water damage. <CR>Water damage dealt is affected by the target's water resistance.
Wind Damage L	Deals wind damage. <CR>Wind damage dealt is affected by the target's wind resistance.
Wind Damage S	Deals strong wind damage. <CR>Wind damage dealt is affected by the target's wind resistance.
Earth Damage L	Deals earth damage. <CR>Earth damage dealt is affected by the target's Earth resistance.
Rain of Fire	Causes fire to rain from the sky, dealing fire damage. This will repeat throughout the battle.
Flash Flood	Creates an intense current of water, dealing a large amount of water damage.
Eye of Storm	Generates an intense tempest, dealing a large amount of wind damage.
Impact	Causes a shockwave that deals a large amount of earth damage. Larger foes take more damage.
Poison Damage L	Deals physical damage with poison. Causes additional damage if the target has status ailments.
Slag Craft L	Calls forth a Slag model, dealing physical damage to the target. The effect changes with repeated use.
D. Explosion	Detonates an ancient bomb, dealing massive fire damage.
Candy Dream	Calls forth various things from a mysterious picture book, dealing physical damage.
Four Heavens	Releases immense power sealed within a magical book, dealing powerful damage from all elements.
Flame Strike	Releases the power of a fire crystal, dealing fire damage to the target.
Hyd Strike	Releases the power of a water crystal, dealing water damage to the target.
Wind Blade	Releases the power of a wind crystal, dealing wind damage to the target.
Earth Strike	Releases the power of an earth crystal, dealing earth damage to the target.
Lightning Speed	Move instantly, giving a chance to move twice in a row.
Einzelkampf	Releases hidden power, dealing powerful physical damage to the target with a sword attack.
Bursting	Thorns burst forth, dealing minor physical damage to the target. The power is very small.
Explosive	An explosion causes physical damage to the target. The power is small.
Thorn Strike	Sprays many sharp thorns packed inside, dealing physical damage. The power is fairly high.
Embedding Thorns	Thorns lodge into the target, dealing HP damage each turn. The effect is very small.
Shredding Thorns	Sharp thorns lodge into the target, dealing HP damage each turn. The effect is small.
Piercing Thorns	Piercing thorns lodge into the target, dealing HP damage each turn. The effect is fairly large.
Cremate	The target is engulfed in searing hellfire, with a chance of killing it instantly.
Freeze Solid	Freezes the target with intense cold and delays its turn. This effect diminishes with use.
Intense Thunder	Shocks the target with intense electricity, reducing its HP. The amount reduced varies with max HP.
Inflicts Burns	Deals continuous fire damage through burns. The effect is fairly small.
Inflicts Burns S	Deals continuous fire damage through severe burns. The effect is large.
Fixed Damage	Deals a fixed amount of damage to the target, ignoring defenses. <CR>The effect is very small.
Piercing Damage	Deals a fixed amount of damage to the target, ignoring defenses. <CR>The effect is small.
Defense Ignor	Deals a fixed amount of damage to the target, ignoring defenses. <CR>The effect is large.
Set % Damage	Deals a fixed amount of damage to the target, ignoring defenses. <CR>The effect is very large.
Unstable Damage	Deals a fixed amount of damage to the target, ignoring defenses. The effect is very large, but may vary.
Stray Bullets	The rain of fire launches projectiles, dealing additional physical damage to the target.
Falling Stars	The firestorm is accompanied by falling meteorites that deal a large amount of physical damage.
Stones	The tempest launches small stones, dealing additional physical damage to the target.
Boulders	The tempest hurls small boulders, dealing a large amount of physical damage to the target as well.
Decrease Stats	Decreases all of the target's stats by a large amount.
Triple Handicap	Has a chance of afflicting the target with poison, blindness, and weakness.
Daydream	A strange dream flies from the picture book, dealing additional physical damage.
Golden Curse	A mysterious incantation calls forth good and bad events. The good events require a continuous effect.
Impish Mischief	A mysterious incantation calls forth good and bad events. The bad event's power is reduced by Luck.
Quick Throw	Can be thrown quickly, reducing the waiting time after use.
Slows Movement	Delays the target's next turn by a small amount. This effect decreases until the target has another turn.
Stops Movement	Delays the target's next turn by a fair amount. This effect decreases until the target has another turn.
Major mov Stop	Delays the target's next turn by a large amount. This effect decreases until the target has another turn.
All Stats Down L	Decreases all of the target's stats by a small amount.
All Stats Down M	Decreases all of the target's stats by a fair amount.
All Stats Down S	Decreases all of the target's stats by a large amount.
Attack Down L	Decreases the target's attack power by a small amount.
Attack Down M	Decreases the target's attack power by a fair amount.
Attack Down S	Decreases the target's attack power by a large amount.
Defense Down L	Decreases the target's defense power by a small amount.
Defense Down M	Decreases the target's defense power by a fair amount.
Defense Down S	Decreases the target's defense power by a large amount.
Speed Down L	Decreases the target's speed by a small amount.
Speed Down M	Decreases the target's speed by a fair amount.
Speed Down S	Decreases the target's speed by a large amount.
Minor Blindness	Has a slight chance of blinding the target, which reduces its hit accuracy and dodge chance.
Causes Blindness	Has a moderate chance of blinding the target, which reduces its hit accuracy and dodge chance.
Strong Blindness	Has a high chance of blinding the target, which reduces its hit accuracy and dodge chance.
Minor Poison	Has a slight chance of poisoning the target. Poison causes damage every turn.
Causes Poison	Has a moderate chance of poisoning the target. Poison causes damage every turn.
Strong Poison	Has a high chance of poisoning the target. Poison causes damage every turn.
Dullness	Has a slight chance of slowing the target, which increases the time it takes between taking actions.
Dulls Legs	Has a chance of slowing the target, which increases the time it takes between taking actions.
Greatly Dulls	Has a high chance of slowing the target, which increases the time it takes between taking actions.
Slight Reduction	Has a slight chance of weakening the target, which greatly reduces the power of skills.
Reduces Stats	Has a moderate chance of weakening the target, which greatly reduces the power of skills.
Big stats reduc.	Has a high chance of weakening the target, which greatly reduces the power of skills.
Induces Changes	Afflicts the target with a random status effect out of: Poison, Blindness, Slow, or Weakness.
Crit rate down	Reduces the target's critical hit chance.
Attracts	Greatly increases the chance of being targeted by enemies.
Status Damage L	Deals a small amount of damage to the target, which increases with the number or status effects on it.
Status Damage M	Deals damage to the target, which increases with the number or status effects on it.
Status Damage S	Deals a large amount of damage to the target, which increases with the number or status effects on it.
Opens Wounds	Causes the target to continually take damage. The effect increases as the target's HP is reduced.
Major Wounds	Causes the target to continually take damage. The effect greatly increases as the target's HP drops.
Const. Damage L	Causes the target to continuously take minor damage for a short duration.
Const. Damage M	Causes the target to continuously take moderate damage for a short duration.
Const. Damage S	Causes the target to continuously take great damage for a short duration.
Damage Absorb L	Deals physical damage to the target and absorbs a portion of damage dealt to heal HP.
Damage Absorb M	Deals great physical damage to the target and absorbs a portion of damage dealt to heal HP.
Damage Absorb S	Deals a very great physical damage to the target and absorbs a portion of damage dealt to heal HP.
Evasion Down	Reduces the target's chance of dodging attacks.
Evasion Down S	Greatly reduces the target's chance of dodging attacks.
Weak to Changes	Increases the effects of status effects on the target, but not the chance of dealing status effects.
Weak to Attacks	Increases damage taken by the target. The effect does not stack, but can be overwritten.
All Stat Drain S	Reduces the target's attack, defense, and speed, and adds them to the user's stats temporarily.
Hit Vitals	Can instantly kill the target if its HP is below a certain amount. Some enemies are immune to this.
Resonant Damage	Deals physical damage to the target. The effect increases when more enemies are in the area.
4D Damage	Deals fire, water, wind, and earth damage to the target.
Cloud Heal	Summons a healing cloud that restores HP to characters within it over time. The effect is small.
Raincloud Heal	Summons a healing cloud that restores HP to characters within it over time. The effect is moderate.
Stormcloud Heal	Summons a healing cloud that restores HP to characters within it over time. The effect is large.
Call Slag L	Summons a Slag model that restores HP and performs other support actions. The effect is slight.
Call Slag M	Summons a Slag model that restores HP and performs other support actions. The effect is moderate.
Call Slag S	Summons a Slag model that restores HP and performs other support actions. The effect is large.
Immortality Pwr	When the target of this effect is KO'd, it will automatically be revived on the target's next turn.
HP Recovery Min	Restores a minor amount of the target's HP.
HP Recovery L	Restores a small amount of the target's HP.
HP Recovery M	Restores a fair amount of the target's HP.
HP Recovery S	Restores a large amount of the target's HP.
HP Recovery S2	Restores a great amount of the target's HP.
HP Recovery S3	Restores a massive amount of the target's HP.
Recov. Bonus Min	Causes a minor HP recovery bonus.
Recovery Bonus L	Causes a small HP recovery bonus.
Recovery Bonus M	Causes a fair HP recovery bonus.
Recovery Bonus S	Causes a large HP recovery bonus.
MP Recovery L	Restores a small amount of MP.
MP Recovery M	Restores a fair amount of MP.
MP Recovery S	Restores a large amount of MP.
Recover KO Min	Revives the target and restores a minor amount of HP.
Recover KO L	Revives the target and restores a small amount of HP.
Recover KO M	Revives the target and restores a fair amount of HP.
Recover KO S	Revives the target and restores a large amount of HP.
Recover KO S2	Revives the target and restores a great amount of HP.
HP regen L	Restores a small amount of HP on the target's next turn.
HP regen M	Restores a fair amount of HP on the target's next turn.
HP regen S	Restores a large amount of HP on the target's next turn.
Eat Recover Min	Restores a minor percentage of the target's maximum HP.
Eat Recover L	Restores a small percentage of the target's maximum HP.
Eat Recover M	Restores a fair percentage of the target's maximum HP.
Eat Recover S	Restores a large percentage of the target's maximum HP.
Eat Recover S2	Restores a great percentage of the target's maximum HP.
Eat Recover S3	Restores a massive percentage of the target's maximum HP.
Auto Revive L	Automatically revives on the next turn after being KO'd and provides a small amount of healing.
Auto Revive M	Automatically revives on the next turn after being KO'd and provides a moderate amount of healing.
Auto Revive S	Automatically revives on the next turn after being KO'd and provides a large amount of healing.
Avoid KO	Automatically revives on the next turn after being KO'd.
Ailments Down L	Reduces the strength of status ailments by a small amount.
Ailments Down M	Reduces the strength of status ailments by a fair amount.
Ailments Down S	Reduces the strength of status ailments by a good amount.
Cure Poison	Cures the target of Poison.
Cure Blindness	Cures the target of Blindness.
Cure Weakness	Cures the target of Weakness.
Cure Slow	Cures the target of Slow.
Cure All Ail.	Cures the target of all status ailments.
Refreshing	Refreshes the mind, restoring a tiny amount of MP.
Clears the Mind	Clears the mind, restoring a small amount of MP.
Perk Up	Energizes the mind, restoring a fair amount of MP.
HP/MP Recovery L	Restores a small amount of the target's HP and MP.
HP/MP Recovery M	Restores a fair amount of the target's HP and MP.
HP/MP Recovery S	Restores a large amount of the target's HP and MP.
Tone of Strength	A strong tune increases the target's attack power. The effect lasts for 5 turns.
Protection Tone	A gentle tune increases the target's defense power. The effect lasts for 5 turns.
Fight Tone	A phantasmagoric tune increases the target's attack and defense power. The effect lasts 5 turns.
Terrible Tone	A discordant cacophony damages the target's MP.
Sits in Stomach	Food sits in the target's stomach, delaying its next turn slightly.
Fills Stomach	The target eats until lethargic, greatly delaying its next turn.
Gathering Signal	Gathers allies around the user.
Disperse Signal	Spreads allies out.
Forbidden Power	Greatly increases all the target's stats, but halves maximum HP temporarily.
HP Regen Min	The target regenerates a minor amount of HP for the next 3 turns.
HP Regen L	The target regenerates a small amount of HP for the next 3 turns.
HP Regen M	The target regenerates a fair amount of HP for the next 3 turns.
HP Regen S	The target regenerates a large amount of HP for the next 3 turns.
HP Regen S2	The target regenerates a great amount of HP for the next 3 turns.
HP Regen S3	The target regenerates a massive amount of HP for the next 3 turns.
Reduce Wait	Reduces the wait after the target's next turn by a small amount.
Reduce Wait S	Reduces the wait after the target's next turn by a fair amount.
HP to SP	Reduces the wait after the target's next turn by a large amount.
HP to MP	Consumes HP to restore a large amount of MP.
Word Protect L	Reduces the amount of damage the target takes from the next attack.
Word Protect M	Greatly reduces the amount of damage the target takes from the next attack.
Word Protect S	Massively reduces the amount of damage the target takes from the next attack.
Strength Boost L	Slightly increases the target's maximum HP during battle.
Strength Boost M	Moderately increases the target's maximum HP during battle.
Strength Boost S	Greatly increases the target's maximum HP during battle.
Nutritious	The nutritious flavor increases all stats by a small amount.
Nourishing	The highly nutritious flavor increases all stats.
Warm	Warms the body, increasing water resistance.
Cool	Cools the body, increasing fire resistance.
MP Consume L	Consumes a small amount of MP. The effect will cause Weakness if MP is insufficient.
MP Consume M	Consumes a fair amount of MP. The effect will cause Weakness if MP is insufficient.
MP Consume S	Consumes a large amount of MP. The effect will cause Weakness if MP is insufficient.
MP Consume S2	Consumes a huge amount of MP. The effect will cause Weakness if MP is insufficient.
HP Consume S2	Consumes a massive percentage of max HP.
ATK Power Up L	Increases the target's attack power a small amount for the next 5 turns.
ATK Power Up M	Increases the target's attack power a fair amount for the next 5 turns.
ATK Power Up S	Increases the target's attack power a large amount for the next 5 turns.
Speed Up L	Increases the target's speed a small amount for the next 5 turns.
Speed Up M	Increases the target's speed a fair amount for the next 5 turns.
Speed Up S	Increases the target's speed a large amount for the next 5 turns.
Defense Up L	Increases the target's defense a small amount for the next 5 turns.
Defense Up M	Increases the target's defense a fair amount for the next 5 turns.
Defense Up S	Increases the target's defense a large amount for the next 5 turns.
All Stats Up L	Increases all the target's stats by a small amount for the next 5 turns.
All Stats Up M	Increases all the target's stats by a fair amount for the next 5 turns.
All Stats Up S	Increases all the target's stats by a large amount for the next 5 turns.
Evasion Up L	Increases the target's dodge chance by a small amount for the next 5 turns.
Evasion Up M	Increases the target's dodge chance by a fair amount for the next 5 turns.
Evasion Up S	Increases the target's dodge chance by a large amount for the next 5 turns.
Apple Healing	Draws from the hidden healing power in the apple, restoring a large amount of HP and MP.
Apple Blessing	Offers the apple to the heavens to receive a blessing that briefly raises all stats and maximum HP.
Apple Miracle	Experience a miracle created by the apple that will automatically revive the target when KO'd.
Fire Res Up L	Raises the target's fire resistance by a small amount for the next 5 turns.
Fire Res Up M	Raises the target's fire resistance by a fair amount for the next 5 turns.
Fire Res Up S	Raises the target's fire resistance by a large amount for the next 5 turns.
Water Res Up L	Raises the target's water resistance by a small amount for the next 5 turns.
Water Res Up M	Raises the target's water resistance by a fair amount for the next 5 turns.
Water Res Up S	Raises the target's water resistance by a large amount for the next 5 turns.
Wind Res Up L	Raises the target's wind resistance by a small amount for the next 5 turns.
Wind Res Up M	Raises the target's wind resistance by a fair amount for the next 5 turns.
Wind Res Up S	Raises the target's wind resistance by a large amount for the next 5 turns.
Earth Res Up L	Raises the target's earth resistance by a small amount for the next 5 turns.
Earth Res Up M	Raises the target's earth resistance by a fair amount for the next 5 turns.
Earth Res Up S	Raises the target's earth resistance by a large amount for the next 5 turns.
Warrior Blessing	Raises all the target's stats for the entire battle. The effect increases against stronger foes.
Hero's Blessing	Raises all the target's stats for the battle. The effect greatly increases against stronger foes.
Blessing of God	Raises all the target's stats for the battle. The effect massively increases against stronger foes.
DMG Reduction L	Slightly decreases physical damage taken by the target by a set amount.
DMG Reduction M	Moderately decreases physical damage taken by the target by a set amount.
DMG Reduction S	Greatly decreases physical damage taken by the target by a set amount.
Move Time Cut L	Slightly reduces the wait time between turns, in exchange for a period of constant damage.
Move Time Cut M	Moderately reduces the wait time between turns, in exchange for a period of constant damage.
Move Time Cut S	Greatly reduces the wait time between turns, in exchange for a period of constant damage.
Crit Rate Up L	Increases the target's critical chance by a small amount.
Crit Rate Up M	Increases the target's critical chance by a fair amount.
Crit Rate Up S	Increases the target's critical chance by a large amount.
Crit Power Up L	Increases the target's critical bonus by a small amount.
Crit Power Up M	Increases the target's critical bonus by a fair amount.
Crit Power Up S	Increases the target's critical bonus by a large amount.
Good Relics	Increases the chances of finding better relics in the field.
Amazing Relics	Greatly increases the chances of finding better relics in the field.
Good Material	Increases the chances of finding better materials in the field.
Amazing Material	Greatly increases the chances of finding better materials in the field.
Search Up	Increases the field gauge by 25%.
Search Up S	Increases the field gauge by 50%.
Return to Base	Use this to instantly return to the Atelier.
Maximum HP +5	Increases maximum HP by 5.
Maximum HP +10	Increases maximum HP by 10.
Maximum HP +15	Increases maximum HP by 15.
Maximum MP +5	Increases maximum MP by 5.
Maximum MP +10	Increases maximum MP by 10.
Maximum MP +15	Increases maximum MP by 15.
ATK Power +2	Increases attack power by 2.
ATK Power +4	Increases attack power by 4.
ATK Power +6	Increases attack power by 6.
DEF Power +3	Increases defense power by 3.
DEF Power +6	Increases defense power by 6.
DEF Power +9	Increases defense power by 9.
Speed +5	Increases speed by 5.
Speed +10	Increases speed by 10.
Speed +15	Increases speed by 15.
Speed +25	Increases speed by 25.
Resonant Bell	Actions increase the gauge by an extra 10%.
Harmonic Bell	Actions increase the gauge by an extra 25%.
Expert Wisdom	Exchanges up to 50% of max HP and max MP.
Sage Wisdom	Exchanges 100% of HP and MP.
Hard Leather	Increases defense power by 6.
Smooth Finger	Increases critical chance by 15%.
Tailored Pelts	Increases defense power by 15, and water resistance by 20.
Increase Dex.	Increases hit chance by 25%.
Magic Blessing	7% of damage taken is subtracted from MP instead.
Angel's Blessing	10% of damage taken is subtracted from MP instead.
God's Blessing	15% of damage taken is subtracted from MP instead.
Swift Knowledge	Reduces waiting time after using skills by 7%.
Swift Secrets	Reduces waiting time after using skills by 10%.
Harmony Prayer	Balances attack power, defense power, and speed.
Strength Prayer	Transfers 15% of defense power and speed to attack power.
Health Prayer	Transfers 15% of attack power and speed to defense power.
Swift Prayer	Transfers 15% of attack power and defense power to speed.
Draw out Wits	Slightly increases attack power, defense power, and speed. The bonus is greater when at higher levels.
Overflow Wits	Moderately increases attack power, defense power, and speed. The bonus is greater when at higher levels.
King Possession	Increases expected damage. <CR>The effect increases with level.
Champ Possession	Increases expected damage by a fair amount. The effect increases with level.
Strengthen Soul	Increases expected damage by a small amount. The effect increases with level.
Slag Slayer	Always deal critical hits against Slag type monsters.
Beast Slayer	Always deal critical hits against Beast type monsters.
Spirit Slayer	Always deal critical hits against Spirit type monsters.
Dragon Slayer	Always deal critical hits against Dragon type monsters.
Forge Body	Increases maximum HP by 15.
Forge Muscle	Increases maximum HP by 25.
Forge Spirit	Increases maximum MP by 10.
Forge Mind	Increases maximum MP by 20.
Forge Mind&Body	Increases maximum HP by 20 <CR>and maximum MP by 15.
Strength	Increases attack power by 5.
Divine Strength	Increases attack power by 10.
Protection	Increases defense power by 10.
Divine Protect	Increases defense power by 20.
Give Speed	Increases speed by 15.
Divine Speed	Increases speed by 30.
Draw Attention	Increases chance to be targeted during battle.
Hard to Notice	Decreases chance to be targeted during battle.
Silencing	Greatly increases chance of success when using the "Run" command.
Consumes Spirit	Reduces HP by a large amount every turn.
Healing Scent	Restores a small amount of HP every turn.
Accel. Recovery	Restores a fair amount of HP every turn.
Super Recovery	Restores a large amount of HP every turn.
Talisman of Luck	Increases the chances of getting items from battle by a small amount.
Star Talisman	Increases the chances of getting items from battle by a fair amount.
Wealth Talisman	Increases money earned from battle by a small amount.
Talisman of Gold	Increases money earned from battle by a fair amount.
Scholar Talisman	Increases experience gained from battle by a small amount.
Sage Talisman	Increases experience gained from battle by a fair amount.
Will of Heroes	Provides a low chance of surviving a hit that would normally reduce HP to 0.
Lineage of Kings	Increases all stats by a set amount when fighting powerful foes or higher-level foes.
Fire Blessing	Increases fire resistance by 33.
Water Blessing	Increases water resistance by 33.
Wind Blessing	Increases wind resistance by 33.
Earth Blessing	Increases earth resistance by 33.
See Vitals	Increases critical chance by 33%.
Relieve Ailments	Reduces chances of being afflicted with status effects by a small amount.
Weaken Ailments	Reduces chances of being afflicted with status effects.
Chains of Circ.	A small portion of HP damage is absorbed as MP, and vice versa.
Power of Origin	Increases damage bonus from critical hits by 15%.
Chains of Dest.	Increases damage bonus from critical hits by 10%.
Power Absorption	Absorbs 10% of damage dealt into own HP.
Skill Up L	Increases skill power by 10%.
Skill Up M	Increases skill power by 15%.
Skill Up S	Increases skill power by 20%.
Attract Success	Increases chances of afflicting status ailments and other chance effects by 33%.
Fire Attack	Deals additional fire damage during battle.
Frost Attack	Deals additional water damage during battle.
Thunder Attack	Deals additional wind damage during battle.
Well Power	When HP drops below 25%, critical hit and dodge chances increase.
Coop Strategy	Increases effectiveness of all support actions by 15%.
Coop Secrets	Increases effectiveness of all support actions by 30%.
Substitution	Increases effect of guard support by 50%.
Acrobatic	Increases dodge chance by 7%.
Illusion Phantam	Increases dodge chance by 10%.
Evasion Up	Increases dodge chance by 15%.
Weaken Impact	Reduces physical damage by 7%.
Aura of Prot.	Reduces physical damage by 15%.
Barrier Chains	Reduces physical damage by 10%.
Immune: Poison	Immunity to poison.
Immune: Weakness	Immunity to weakness.
Immune: Blind	Immunity to blindness.
Immune: KO	Immunity to instant death.
Immune: Ailments	Immunity to all status ailments.
Flower Awakening	Automatically revives from KO during next turn in battle. Recovered HP is small.
Soul Awakening	Automatically revives from KO during next turn in battle. Recovered HP is fairly small.
Awakening	Automatically revives from KO during next turn in battle. Recovered HP is fair.
Coop Up	Increases coordination value by 10% when attacking.
Alignment	Increases coordination value by 7% when attacking.
Rest Efficiency	Increases MP regeneration by 50% while in the back line.
Relaxation	Increases MP regeneration by 100% while in the back line.
Special Attacks	Greatly increase the power of Finishing attacks.
Legs of Earth	Halves the duration of turn-delaying effects.
Earth Shackles	Immunity to turn-delaying effects.
Movement Bonus	Increases support gauge by an extra 25% when taking actions.
Protect Crystal	Reduces physical damage by 5% and slightly reduces chances of being afflicted with status ailments.
Twilight Bless	Absorbs a portion of HP and MP damage into the opposite pool. The effect is moderate.
Magic Stone Ray	Halves the chance of being afflicted by status ailments.
F/Water DMG DWN	Increases fire and water resistances by 10.
F/Water DMG Res	Increases fire and water resistances by 20.
E/Wind DMG DWN	Increases wind and earth resistances by 10.
E/Wind DMG Res	Increases wind and earth resistances by 20.
Overweight	Reduces speed by 25.
Hyper Sense	Increases hit chance by 20%, and dodge chance by 10%.
Fists of Fire	Adds additional fire damage to attacks. Effect is small.
Fists of Water	Adds additional water damage to attacks. Effect is small.
Fists of Wind	Adds additional wind damage to attacks. Effect is small.
Forged Fists	Increases attack power by 5, and increases critical hit damage bonus by 10%.
God of War Bless	Absorbs a portion of damage dealt into HP.
Power Blessings	Power and hit chance of attacks are increased slightly.
Flower Blessing	Absorbs a portion of HP and MP damage into the opposite pool. The effect is very small.
Development	Increases expected value of damage slightly. The effect increases at higher levels.
Heated Pulse	Damage bonus for critical hits increases by 10%.
Fast Action	Has a low chance of decreasing the wait time after turns by a slight amount.
Quick Action	Has a fairly low chance of decreasing the wait time after turns by a slight amount.
Beast Vitality	Increases maximum HP by 35.
Phoenix Vitality	Increases maximum HP by 50.
Scholar's Focus	Increases maximum MP by 25.
Sage's Focus	Increases maximum MP by 30.
HP Regen L	Recovers a fair amount of HP every turn.
HP Regen M	Recovers a moderate amount of HP every turn.
Critical Min	Increases critical chance by 5%.
Critical L	Increases critical chance by 10%.
Critical M	Increases critical chance by 15%.
ATK Evasion Min	Increases dodge chance by 5%.
ATK Evasion L	Increases dodge chance by 7%.
Hit Up Min	Increases hit chance by 10%.
Hit Up L	Increases hit chance by 20%.
Hit Up M	Increases hit chance by 30%.
Avoid KO Min	Provides a very low chance of surviving a hit that would normally reduce HP to 0.
Avoid KO M	Provides a fairly low chance of surviving a hit that would normally reduce HP to 0.
Avoid KO S	Provides a moderate chance of surviving a hit that would normally reduce HP to 0.
Avoid KO S2	Provides a high chance of surviving a hit that would normally reduce HP to 0.
Physical Min	Reduces physical damage by 5%.
Physical L	Reduces physical damage by 7%.
Physical M	Reduces physical damage by 10%.
Critical Throw	Using an item has a chance of causing a critical.
Erase Monsters	Erases all enemy symbols from the Field Map when used. This has no effect on powerful foes.
Consecutive Act	Allows the target to take 2 turns in a row during battle, for the next 4 turns.
Instant Action	Allows the target to take 3 turns in a row during battle, for the next 6 turns.
Spirit Blessing	Increases fire and water resistances by 25.
Erase Monsters	Erases all enemy symbols from the Field Map when used. This has no effect on powerful foes.