Poison Squirrel	A rat that throws a piece of poisonous tree fruit at enemies.	Animal
Bitter Squirrel	A rodent that holds a hardened fruit in its tail, which it hides behind.	Animal
Golden Rat	A rodent that holds a golden fruit in its tail. It is an endangered breed.	Animal
Alchemy Rat	A rodent kept by alchemists in the past. Much smarter than most vermin.	Animal
Stray Dog	A wild canine that travels in packs. A serious threat to the unwary.	Beast
Flesh Eater	A wild canine always on the hunt for fresh meat.	Beast
Howling Beast	A dark, ferocious canine. It uses its dark fur to hunt at night.	Beast
Heavy Skin	A ferocious wild bear, known for its favorite food: tubers.	Beast
Steel Skin	A giant, ferocious bear. Its gray claws are as hard and sharp as iron.	Beast
Red Skin	A red-tinged wild boar. It is quite speedy, despite appearances.	Beast
Fairydrake	A large lizard with brightly colored wings. It is highly territorial.	Dragon
Scorching Dragon	A large lizard from a harsh environment. Its flame breath resembles a dragon.	Dragon
Compact Dragon	A large, jet-black lizard. They say these grow up to become dragons.	Dragon
Mini-Slag	A small creature seen in ruins. Some reports say these maintain the ruins.	Slag
Nano-Slag	A smaller-than-average Slag. They drive out people who deface ruins.	Slag
Pico-Slag	A very small Slag. It is much more powerful than its size suggests.	Slag
Carrier	A large, armed Slag. It's very strong, and is sometimes seen hauling debris.	Slag
Tracker	A large, aggressive Slag. It is very strong and has tough internal structure.	Slag
Porter	A large black Slag. It's found around important areas, as if it was a guard.	Slag
Guard	A wandering Slag that is apparently able to detect people far away.	Slag
Watchman	This patrolling Slag is very aggressive and sound an alarm as it attacks.	Slag
Officer	A brutal Slag that indiscriminately attacks any humans it finds.	Slag
Mirage Element	A mysterious spirit with an eerie aura. It seems to be trying to speak.	Elemental
Yellow Element	A spirit that appears out of the mists, to lure people into the fog.	Elemental
Deep Woods Spirit	A spirit said to inhabit ancient forests. It tries to chase away humans.	Elemental
Tank	A very large Slag. It doesn't move much, but attacks relentlessly.	Rare Slag
Panzer	A large Slag that guards the underground palace. It boasts overwhelming stamina.	Rare Slag
Dragoon	A giant, flying Slag. It lives in important Ruins, and attacks all humans.	Rare Slag
Wild Dragon	A young, irritable dragon. Their numbers have been dwindling.	Dragon
Sura Dragon	One of a pair of giant dragons. They don't get along well.	Dragon
Rakshasa Dragon	One of a pair of dragons. They usually stay apart, but share a nest.	Dragon
Grand Dragon	The King of Beasts. A dangerous monster that can fly and breathe flames.	Dragon
Galtessen	A dragon that subsists on a strange diet of metal.	Dragon
Lord of Fire	A powerful fire spirit. It was widely worshiped by more primitive man.	Alchemic
Ore Rat	A rodent with a thick mineral coat. It attacks by rolling into a ball.	Animal
Amethyst Rat	A rodent with a thick mineral coat. Some of these minerals are gems!	Animal
Lava Rat	A rodent coated with hardened lava. It is still very hot, though.	Animal
Diamond Rat	A rodent covered with rare minerals. Its skin is worth a lot, but it bites.	Animal
Green Spirit	A troublesome spirit that resides in plants. It loves to play pranks.	Elemental
Blue Spirit	Despite this spirit's beautiful coloration, it is quite wicked.	Elemental
Red Spirit	A burning red spirit that is extremely angry for some reason.	Elemental
Yellow Spirit	An ephemeral spirit that shows no desire to mingle with humans.	Elemental
Fake Ruin	A box-shaped Slag. Its shape can change when it is provoked.	Slag
Bad Treasure	A Slag that lies in wait for those who attempt to survey the ruins.	Slag
Black Box	Little is known about this Slag, though it does react to humans...	Slag
Pandora	A powerful boxy Slag filled with every possible misfortune.	Slag
Scissor Beast	A monster with scythelike arms. They slice their prey with claws.	Beast
Fell Sickle	A monster with scythelike arms. They will purposely attack humans.	Beast
Flame Scythe	A monster with scythelike arms. Their harsh areas make them ruthless.	Beast
Death Scissor	A rare monster in the remotest areas of the frontier. Its claws are horrific.	Beast
Flatfish	A large, floating Slag. It swims through the air to attack with its tail.	Slag
Flounder	A floating Slag that is larger than the normal ones. It's stronger, as well.	Slag
Emerald Ray	A brightly-colored Slag that launches spikes from its tail.	Slag
Fatal Flat	A very large Slag that seems to guard important areas in ruins without mercy.	Slag
Frigate	An enormous Slag from deep in a ruins. It suddenly awakened as though drawn to a voice.	Rare Slag
Dreadnought	An enormous humanoid slag. It had chased many adventures away up until now.	Rare Slag
Rampage Beast	An extremely fierce monster. It attacks traveling merchants in search of food.	Beast
Child of Terror	A ferocious monster in remote areas. It spreads destruction wherever it goes.	Beast
Altegewalt	An unfathomably old elder dragon. It has gone so far as to learn human speech.	Dragon
Overlord	It was once a powerful dragon king, but was sealed by a being of overwhelming power.	Dragon
Gullveig	A strange behemoth guarding the Unexplored Ruins. Itobeys Flameu.	Alchemic
Regalveig	The ultimate lifeform, created through alchemy. It was sealed by a powerful being.	Alchemic
Flameu	A mysterious girl who was sleeping deep in the ruins.	Alchemic
Savage Returner	A small creature that appears in ruins. Rumor says they make repairs.	Slag
Red Fang Returner	A smaller-than-normal Slag. It has a fierce look.	Slag
Underworld Returner	A very small Slag that seems to have the ability to make repairs to ruins.	Slag
Mutant Breaker	A large Slag with arms. It's much stronger than a normal Breaker.	Slag
Regen Breaker	An enormous, aggressive Slag. It's said to be able to heal quickly.	Slag
Bloody Breaker	A Slag with giant arms, spattered with the blood of its past victims.	Slag
Amazing Breaker	A Slag with more power than anyone's wildest imagination.Luckily, it's rare.	Slag
Devouring Eye	A Slag that can track down its prey no matter where they hide in the ruins.	Slag
Rampaging Eye	A patrolling Slag that repels intruders to the Ruins.	Slag
Ultimate Eye	A speedy Slag that patrols ruins for interlopers.	Slag
Hidden Cube	A boxlike Slag that blends into the shadows and attacks the foolish.	Slag
Regen Cube	A boxy Slag that is extremely tough and durable.	Slag
Ultimate Cube	A sinister, boxlike Slag that attacks the moment it is touched.	Slag
Mutant Cube	A box-shaped Slag that is more powerful than most. How is it so strong?	Slag
Blue Sky Monster	A large fishlike Slag that floats. It attacks with sharp claws.	Rare Slag
Dark Sky Monster	A giant Slag that lives in deep places where humans seldom tread.	Rare Slag
Spirit Sky Monster	A giant Slag that swims through the sky. It is a mighty being full of power.	Rare Slag
Mutant Sky Monster	A very large Slag with the ability to fly out of nowhere to attack.	Rare Slag
Red Fang Titan	A supermassive Slag. It can't move much, but is deadly within its attack range.	Rare Slag
Underworld Titan	A supermassive Slag that is as just as strong as it appears.	Rare Slag
Slayer Titan	A supermassive Slag that is rightly feared for its godlike power.	Rare Slag
Blood Saber	A demonlike Slag that flies through the air. Many have died in its claws.	Rare Slag
Blue Fang Saber	A Slag that takes the form of a giant demon. It attacks with pale blue fangs.	Rare Slag
Mutant Saber	A demonlike Slag. It's powerful, even among its kind, and is highly dangerous.	Rare Slag
Spirit Golem	A giant humanoid Slag with an aura of power like that of a malevolent god.	Rare Slag
Crimson Silver Wolf	The leader of a wolf pack. Its fangs are enough to make tough explorers tremble.	Beast
Alpha Silver Wolf	A king among kings, leader among pack leaders. 	Beast
Manic Silver Wolf	A wolf that is a legend among wolves. It may not even be a wolf at all...	Beast
Hungry Beast King	A wild bear that rampages in any environment. It ignores weak hits.	Beast
Bloody Beast King	A giant wild bear with fur stained with the blood of its prey.	Beast
Manic Beast King	A wild bear that stands above the rest. It's a quick and powerful foe.	Beast
Diabolic Beast King	The mythic king of bears. Its existence is only hinted at in stories.	Beast
Hidden Death Bug	A monster that blends into shadows and uses sharp scythes from ambush.	Beast
Ultimate Death Bug	This fearsome monster is said to be unstoppably fast.	Beast
Great Death Bug	A monster with sharp scythes. It shouldn't belong in the insect kingdom.	Beast
Spirit Death Bug	A ferocious monster with razor scythes and an aura of power.	Beast
Bloody Demon Beast	An unbelievably powerful monster that bathes in its victims' blood.	Beast
Dark Demon Beast	A giant monster that lives in darkness other monsters cannot stand.	Beast
Slayer Demon Beast	A legendary monster that is said to have devoured a god.	Beast
Ravenous Rat	A rat holding a tree-fruit in its tail, mutated into a fierce creature.	Animal
Regen Rat	A fierce rat that can almost immediately heal any damage it receives.	Animal
Red Fanged Rat	A carnivorous monster among rats with sharp, red fangs.	Animal
Mad Steel Beast	A brutal rat that rolls around and crushes all in its path.	Animal
Hungry Steel Beast	A rat whose body is coated in metal. They say it eats dirt to survive.	Animal
Manic Steel Beast	Despite its weak appearance, this monster is horribly strong. Fear it.	Animal
Mutant Steel Beast	This rat species comes from a different time and place.	Animal
Mutant Gaia	A spirit with enough power to blot out the stars. It lives in total darkness.	Elemental
Ultimate Gaia	A spirit of darkness, capable of moving at nearly invisible speeds.	Elemental
Hidden Gaia	A dark spirit that lives in chaos. It has extremely high magical power.	Elemental
Mutant Spirit	A spirit that dwells among plants. It has evolved to perform powerful magic.	Elemental
Hidden Spirit	This evil spirit hides in plants and attempts to harm passers-by.	Elemental
Ultimate Spirit	A spirit that lives near extremely old trees. It has very powerful magic.	Elemental
Underworld Spirit	An exceptionally powerful spirit that lives among plants.	Elemental
Mutant Lizardwing	A large winged lizard that has evolved to fly very fast.	Dragon
Regen Lizardwing	A monster that can regenerate from any wounds, similar to a lizard's tail.	Dragon
Dark Lizardwing	A fearsome winged lizard that's mostly deep underground. It is very dangerous.	Dragon
Blue Elder Dragon	A giant dragon, a king among beasts. An ancient being with polished fangs.	Dragon
Dark Elder Dragon	A giant dragon, said to have lived for over a century.	Dragon
Demon Elder Dragon	A giant dragon, said to be more powerful than gods. All who see it despair.	Dragon
Ancient Beast King	Descendant of a race that once ruled the underworld. Their glory has passed, and they await their demise.	Beast
Thirsty Water God	A Controller that guarded the region's water source for many years. The Dusk took its mind.	Dragon
Cursed Saber	An aerial Slag that exceeds all bounds, created with alchemy in the past. It contains forbidden powers.	Rare Slag
Rogue Guardian	A monster resembling a great tree guarding ruins. It was created to destroy life, not to protect it.	Plant
